Challenges:

Collision detection. For border of screen compared X/Y to screen.width and height.
For players and enemies, I wanted players to be one shape and enemies another. I chose square for players and circles for enemies, but I wasn't sure how to check if they collided. What I ended up doing is creating a getBounds() function that creates a rectangle object around the current player's (or enemies) X and Y, with the same width and height as the player. Then I use the Rectangle function intersects() to check if the hitboxes of the player and enemy are overlapping. This means enemies hitboxes are technically a teeny bit larger in the corners than their actual size, but it's so miniscule that I deemed it negligible.

For players and players, this was more of a design problem, as I could just use the same method as above to deal with collision deteciton. But I wasn't sure what I wanted my game to do while my players were colliding. Should I make the players stop next to each other? But then the players are stuck next to each other for the rest of the game. I could also do nothing, but then the players could enter inside of each other (and get stuck there), which would essentially be playing with one player now. Both of these solutions create a very boring meta strategy, so I decided to make it so the players will teleport to a random location after colliding. This adds a little more randomness to the game and makes a fun strategy where it's like "oh, if I'm gonna definitely get hit, I can collide my players to teleport somewhere and hope I get lucky", but you could enter into either a better or worse situation.

Error where multiple enemies would overlap, almost looking like some snakelike creature. Also, tens of players would spawn in random locations. Problem was using HUD.time instead of HUD.timer, because HUD.time will equal the same value for 60 times (the tickrate), so it would spawn 60 enemies at once and they would all move in the same direction, looking like a snake. I then fixed this and for some reason it would spawn a ton of players at once, and after reviewing my player collision detection I realized an if statement was missing an ! sign. Instead of checking if the player object was different during player collision, it would check if the objects were the same. And if they were the same, it would then check if they were colliding (which they obviously are), and so it would teleport both objects (which are the same) to different locations, spawning an extra player. Except it would do this hundreds of times until the game froze.

Another problem that popped up after fixing these problems was that my health would decrease way too much. Through debugging, I figured out that tens of objects (With the same ID) were being added to the handler lists. After more testing and debugging, I realized that tick() is not called often enough to increment HUD.timer before the run() loop reaches the same if statements to call handler.addObject(), so I added a requirement to the if statements that there is no object currently stored in the respective GameObject variable.
